CODEPEN LINK : https://codepen.io/alecjohns23/pen/WNQeoRz?editors=1100

1. What is Semantic HTML? 
HTML that gives meaning to the page.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
html is used to create webpages. 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
attributes provide additional information about an element. 
specified in the start tag. 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
H1 is the main title of your page and should only be used once. 
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
H1-6 make the text between their opening and closing tags bold and large.
the blink tag makes the text between tags blink. 
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
information used by browsers that is not visable to users. 
    7. What is an id? 
used to give elements a unique identification 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
any element in the html doc. ID must be unique. 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
A ID should only be used once in a document. 
    10. What is a class? 
used to define equal styles for elements with the same class name. 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
all
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
as many times as needed
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
add a target+"_blank" attribute to your links 
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
provides alternative information for an image if a user for some reason can not view it. 
    15. How do I reference an id?
#iD
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
section means that the content inside is grouped and should appear as an entry in an outline of the page. A div does not convey any meaning. 
    17. What is CSS used for? 
describes how html is seen on screen 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
Element {}
h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
iD's are unique to one element and a class is not and can be used on multiple elements
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
.className
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
.human p{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
selects all elements that are a child of the specified element 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
.sidebar a{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
used to define  a special state of an element 
keywords start with :
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
use the line-height property. 
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing:
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
text-transform: uppercase;
text-transform: lowercase;
text-transform: capitalize;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
border-width: 1px
border-style: dotted
bordor-color: black
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
*
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/*
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
rm
    34. Why should I use version control? 
if a mistake is made you can go into previous versions to see what went wrong. 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
about every 20 minutes or whenever you feel something important was done and you are at a stopping point. 
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push origin alec-johns
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
you need to clone the project in bash, then create your checkout brand using (git checkout -b alec-johns). you are then ready to work on your project. when at a stopping point you then (git add .) then (git commit -m "Name") then (git push origin alec-johns)